docs: adk branch create --env flag to specify source env for new branch (#57)
polyai/adk: docs/docs/reference/cli.md

poly branch list
poly branch current
poly branch create my-feature
poly branch create my-hotfix --env live
poly branch create my-hotfix --env live --force
poly branch switch my-feature
poly branch switch my-feature --force
~~~

#### `poly branch create`

Creates a new branch. By default the branch is sourced from sandbox main.

| Flag | Description |
|---|---|

> | `--env`, `--environment` | Source the new branch from a deployment snapshot instead of sandbox main. Choices: `sandbox`, `pre-release`, `live`. |

Reviewer: @yuenhsi @jsanter27 

Is snapshot a good concept here, or better to just refer to
'current state of deployment environment'?

Also can we talk about 'commiting' changes or is this too potentially confused with git commits?

Reviewer: cc @Ruari-Phipps

Reviewer 2: Yeah agreed.
`Source the new branch from the current state of a deployed environment`
`Force branch creation and discard local changes`

poly branch delete my-feature
~~~

#### `poly branch create`

Creates a new branch. By default the branch is sourced from sandbox main.

| Flag | Description |
|---|---|
| `--env`, `--environment` | Source the new branch from a deployment snapshot instead of sandbox main. Choices: `sandbox`, `pre-release`, `live`. |
| `--force`, `-f` | Force branch creation even if there are uncommitted local changes on main. |

When `--env live` or `--env pre-release` is specified:

- the local project is overwritten with the state of that deployment snapshot
- the branch is created from that snapshot
- the snapshot is immediately pushed to the new branch, leaving a clean slate for hotfix changes
- the command can only be run from `main`

> - if there are uncommitted local changes, the command will fail unless `--force` is also passed

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- the version of the deployed environment is pulled into your local workspace
- a branch is created from that snapshot
- the version is immediately pushed to the new branch, leaving a clean slate for hotfix changes
- the command can only be run from `main`
- if there are local changes, the command will fail unless `--force` is also passed
```

!!! warning "Use `--env live` with caution"

    Branching from a live deployment snapshot is intended for hotfixes that need to bypass subsequent changes in testing environments. Once the hotfix is pushed, you should ensure this change is also replicated for the next live push.

> 

Reviewer 2: Remove/alter?

We can't currently deploy from a branch to live.
Though maybe we should mention that merging this will rollback some changes
